tomorrow show hey everybody welcome my
recent mommy show okay watch here with
me today we are opening a unicorn Pony
surprise toys Arts exclusive with
unicorn Pony surprise now there are a
pair storage there are three there is
jazzy midnight and starburst mania
progress at 6 yes and we have starburst
yes midnight is a Pegasus jazzy
moonlight is a Pegasus jazzy is a horse
and starburst is a unicorn babies don't
have horns her her babies don't have
horns how could that be
you don't know I'm Annabelle
I don't know hey so ok tease all of you
must pause the video right now I got it
right here I got it ok you must plug the
video right now and guess how many
babies will starbursts have go ahead do
it wait do it now
you can delete you can do it I believe
in you we believe in you getting her out
of the package have you guessed what so
here she is you feel her keep Co Japan
people why she feels pretty fun ok she
thinks there's 4 here's like pork I
haven't haven't squeezed yet so I'm just
gonna guess 3 now let's see if there's
anything else do these any of these make
noise because I know I'm some of the new
like puppy surprise and Kitty surprise
uh some of the babies make noise these
jump oh so funny out how many be yawn
crimes are lame so she's actually really
cute just cuter when she's she's cuter I
wasn't liking the horse faces and we saw
because we Mike and Holly and um J
squared opened one down at BroNYCon
which seemed appropriate and I wasn't
really digging the horse face but I like
I like the colors on this one yeah see
let me get you get you guys a close-up
her fur has tinsel in it okay ask you
birth alright okay here we go ready now
let's turn her towards the camera so
that they can help us count are you
ready oh babbies babbys one babby baboon
is up over oh that's the tail Oh any
horns no sister normal horse it's just a
no wait let me see just a normal horse
with them with the insta girl strange
tale and it's a girl
okay it's a girl here we go good girl
- horsey horse ease their tails are
really yucky you what is that is that
supposed to be her tail yeah and we have
another girl and that's it
these are hideous
let me give you a close-up behold the
horror we're sorry you because you're
row we're sorry we called your baby's
ugly yeah she's really mad at us for
your sort of looks like a flattened
pancake with stuffing coming out of it
like that doesn't look like a tail Wow
and we got all girls huh
yeah and then there's this pink one and
what's really nasty about this pink one
is that you can actually see the sewing
on her tail so you see this sort of like
gross beige misread here and it's all
like rough I don't know if that's glue
and then she's a purple head what but
she looks like a flattened pan it looks
like something would and vogue help
these poor children this one is purple
with a purple head which makes sense and
a pink tail that is also nasty so that's
a disappointment very disappointed in
Pony surprise disappointed in your
children we're very disappointed in
giggle I need
I'm sure they're gonna grow back to be
beautiful but right now their little
pancake do you not have horns do they
develop over time that would hurt but I
feel so bad because she's actually doing
chair did I goose dude your horns
develop okay I mean she's actually a
cute looking stuffed animal razor so
like this one is really why why this one
hardly has any fur on her tail I still
disappointed have any of you guys gotten
Pony surprise I would maybe stick with
puppy surprise and Kitty surprise what
do you think yeah yeah I think we have
to recommend that because these are not
cute their babies are cute these studies
are not cute these fad me scare me low
their feet their little creepy your
creepy their little creepy Gracie can
you tell the let's put in that Gracie
you tell them where to follow us on all
the social business in the back where
you came from or do not help me to think
they're not done yet where can they
follow us on social media Facebook
Instagram periscope and Twitter
oh this displaces okay thank you so much
for watching please comment like
subscribe this video thank you we're
table EDP born Yankee now I think we
should get a kitty or a puppy surprise
next those are cute yeah this year we
tried this out but is not working out
for us it's not human the kitties Kitty
surprise or puppy surprise oh they have
a Dalmatian good heaven wait we have to
go to Toys R Us fine
Oh